README.md, before:

# git-redate
### Made by [Potato Labs](http://taterlabs.com)

Change the dates of several git commits with a single command.

![alt tag](http://oi68.tinypic.com/3ud82.jpg)

# Installation

For homebrew users, you need to run `brew tap PotatoLabs/homebrew-git-redate` and then `brew install git-redate`.

If you're not using homebrew, you can clone this repo and move the `git-redate` file into any folders in your $PATH. Restart your terminal afterwards and you're good to go!

For window's users, you may paste the file into `${INSTALLATION_PATH}\mingw64\libexec\git-core`. Assuming you used the default settings the installation path will be `C:\Program Files\Git`.

# Usage

Simply run: `git redate --commits [[number of commits to view]]`.  You'll have to force push in order for your commit history to be rewritten.

To be able to edit all the commits at once add the --all option: `git redate --all`

**Make sure to run this on a clean working directory otherwise it won't work.**

The `--commits` (a.k.a. `-c`) argument is optional, and defaults to 5 if not provided.

Commit message:

Updated: detailed guide in README.md
Added how to:
- edit commits time
- edito commits messages with git rebase

README.md, after:

# git-redate
### Forked from [Potato Labs](http://taterlabs.com)

Change the dates of several git commits with a single command.

![alt tag](http://oi68.tinypic.com/3ud82.jpg)

# Installation

Linux: 
Save it into your /usr/bin folder
```sudo chmod 755 git-redate```

# Usage

Simply run: `git redate --commits [[number of commits to view]]`.  You'll have to force push in order for your commit history to be rewritten.

To be able to edit all the commits at once add the --all option: `git redate --all`

**Make sure to run this on a clean working directory otherwise it won't work.**

The `--commits` (a.k.a. `-c`) argument is optional, and defaults to 5 if not provided.


# Changing commit messages

Leverage git rebase functionality:

Rebase all commits starting from the first
```git rebase -i --root```

Change from 'pick' to 'reword' for the commits that you want to change
Save and edit your commits one by one

If you want to push you need to
```git push --force example-branch```
to rewrite history
